From kosit1 at mac.com  Sun Jun  5 22:16:21 2005
From: kosit1 at mac.com (daniel scott)
Date: Sun, 5 Jun 2005 22:16:21 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Programmer wanted for web-based social software /
	virtual town hall
Message-ID: <d57ae32718b7efc6c911c26719ef090f@mac.com>

We are looking to hire an experienced programmer interested in working 
on web based software aimed at strengthening democratic grassroot 
networks.  We are creating a social software and CMS that has built in 
democratic processes.  It will be like a virtual town hall for 
networked organizations.

We have design flats, extensive feature lists, and a mapped out 
workflow.  Ideally the site will be built on a modified open source CMS 
such as drupal, plone, or developed in ruby on rails, but we are open 
to suggestions. There is also an open source project called Aroundme 
(php, mysql) that may be a good starting point. 
http://www.barnraiser.org/index.php?item_type_id=5

So far we have an excellent designer and a skilled html / xml / css 
coder.  We need a programmer to complete the team. This is a 
not-for-profit project.

We look forward to your response.

Sincerely,

Daniel Scott
kosit1 at mac.com



From newyorkcityjobs at gmail.com  Mon Jun  6 17:48:04 2005
From: newyorkcityjobs at gmail.com (New York City Jobs)
Date: Mon, 6 Jun 2005 17:48:04 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] PHP - Technical Lead
Message-ID: <25ba84a105060614484876fb43@mail.gmail.com>

Cutting-edge NYC advertising client seeks a talented full-time PHP
Technical Lead to build web-based financial reporting applications.

Requirements: 
* 4+ years of PHP development experience. 
* 4+ years of MySQL database development experience. 
* Solid experience within a Unix/Linux environment. 
* Perl, JavaScript, HTML/DHTML. 
* Ability to provide daily reporting of development activities. 
* Experience managing web-based application projects. 
* Full understanding of CSS. 
* Experience with Apache web server desired. 
* Good written and verbal communication skills.

If interested, please email resumes to: newyorkcityjobs at gmail.com with
"PHP Technical Lead" in the subject line. Thank you.


From john.grogan at gmail.com  Mon Jun  6 22:10:53 2005
From: john.grogan at gmail.com (Do Not Reply)
Date: Mon, 06 Jun 2005 22:10:53 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Associate Director (Senior Web Application Developer)
 - Columbia University
Message-ID: <42A5022D.1050702@ccit.college.columbia.edu>

If interested in this position, please apply at the following URL:

http://jobs.columbia.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=95164

------------------------------------------------------------------------

*Job Title*
Associate Director (Senior Web Application Developer)

*Job Requisition Number*
043805

*Job Type *
Officer Full-Time Permanent

*Job Family*
Technical / Information Technology

*Salary Grade *
13

*Advertised Summary Job Description *

Columbia College Information Technology seeks a talented, innovative,
and forward-looking Senior Web Application Developer to make significant
contributions in the leading, managing, and delivery of web applications
to achieve high value solutions for its clients. As such, the candidate
must have excellent project management, software development, and
systems administration skills.

Duties & Responsibilities include:

* Manages CCIT software development projects and personnel engaged in
software development projects including temporary employees, contract
employees, and external consultants.

* Responsible for establishing and managing software development
processes. Manages all phases of software development lifecycle in
support of establishing information technology solutions designed to
meet the business needs of Columbia College, The Fu Foundation School of
Engineering & Applied Science (administrative support), The Division of
Student Affairs, and The Center for Career Education including, but not
limited to: requirements definition, system and software design,
implementation and unit testing, integration and system testing, and
operation/maintenance.

* Working closely with CCIT's Solutions Architect, develops detailed
specifications, design documents, technical documentation, and user
documentation for software developed and systems supporting software
products developed.

* Manages the deployment, maintenance, security, and administration of
systems and system software supporting software development efforts and
software products developed.

* Working closely with CCIT's Assistant Director for Web Design,
develops, implements, and manages programs to continuously improve and
innovate the online presence and services of CCIT's clients.

* Develops relationships and acts as a liaison to various University
information technology groups towards the integration and adoption of
information technology solutions.

* Works closely with clients and constituencies to assess needs,
communicate project status, and determine effectiveness and productivity
of solutions implemented.

* Responsible for the development and management of CCIT's internal
project management and reporting systems.

* Ensures on-time delivery and quality of deliverables following best
practices and project plans.

* Maintains a superior knowledge of analysis and programming techniques
including architecture, programming languages, database methodologies,
standards, methods and tools.

* Performs other related duties and tasks as assigned.

*Minimum Qualifications for Grade*

Applicant MUST meet these minimum qualifications to be considered an
applicant:

Bachelor's degree required. Advanced degree desirable. Minimum 4-6 years
experience.

Proven experience creating, maintaining, and managing software
development projects against project plan. Proven ability to own,
influence, and be accountable for the success of projects managed.
Proven excellence in software design, programming, and problem-solving.
Proven focus on in-depth information security practices and quality
management. Ability to develop and manage projects with high degree of
independence and accountability and work hands-on as a member of a
cohesive team. Ability to influence group dynamics in a team player
environment. Ability to coach employees. Ability to execute in a
pressured environment. Experience in software design principles, user
interface design, multi-tiered application development, development
practices, and reusable component development. Strong knowledge of
cross-browser and platform coding requirements and optimizations.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Experience in
managing all phases of software development lifecycle in development of
web applications.

Extensive experience and advanced knowledge of the following required:
Linux system administration, Apache administration, advanced PHP, object
oriented design, TCP/IP-based protocols, version control software
(Subversion preferred), MySql. HTML, CSS, DOM, Javascript, dHTML.

Submission of resume and cover letter required.

*Preferred Qualifications*

Desirable experience and knowledge: Oracle, C/C++, XML, Java, RSS.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20050606/655df75a/attachment.html>

From Scott at EricRobert.com  Tue Jun  7 13:19:40 2005
From: Scott at EricRobert.com (Scott Kariya)
Date: Tue, 7 Jun 2005 13:19:40 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Job Posting - PHP Developers needed by fast-growing
	hi-tech mobile media content firm
Message-ID: <E1DfhaR-0004DG-Uo@sarge.electric.net>

Hello:

 

This is a job posting for PHP Developers

 

A hugely successful hi-tech firm in New York City is looking for an
Applications (PHP) Developer.

 

The company is the leading mobile media company in the Americas. It
develops, promotes and distributes mobile content, including ringtones,
ringback tones, voicemail greetings, wallpapers, games, video, chat/dating,
picture services and other mobile applications. The company delivers its
content to or powers the mobile media offerings of the major North American
operators including Boost Mobile, Cingular, Nextel, Sprint PCS, Telcel,
T-Mobile USA and Verizon Wireless. The company has distribution partnerships
with top media companies and Web portals such as AOL, Microsoft's MSN and
MTV.

 

>From the company manager: "We need application developers who will be
working on our storefront platform application, web, wap, api.  They will
need to know php, html, xhtml, wml, css, JavaScript's, xml, MySql/postgreSQL
for starters or a good portion of that.  If they can do graphical work
that's a plus."

 

Compensation range: $50,000 to $70,000 plus benefits.  Location: midtown
(Chelsea area).  Job code: PHP.

 

The same company is also looking for:

 

A Java Developer who will design, develop and support the firm's web-based
applications.

 

Requirements:

*         2-4 years Java programming (must be currently programming in Java)

*         Web Services 

*         Object-relational mappers, a plus 

*         Web Objects, a big plus 

 

A Data Mining Analyst.  This Analyst will provide analytical information for
statistics and reporting in sales, operations, finances, expenses, etc. Will
not only pull data from databases but must analyze results to provide
management with meaningful information.

 

Requirements

*         Strong SQL skills 

*         Experience with MySQL or PostgreSQL 

*         Strong analytical experience 

*         Some experience with financial or sales analysis. 

 

 

The Company is planning to double its employees in the next year.  This is a
ground floor opportunity to get in with a company of the future!

 

 

Please email resumes or contact:

 

 

Scott Kariya

ERIC ROBERT ASSOCIATES (Specialists in IT Recruiting)

363 Seventh Avenue    New York, NY  10001

(212) 695-5900 x202    <mailto:Scott at EricRobert.com> Scott at EricRobert.com

 

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20050607/9d1150b0/attachment.html>

From ypasqua at aol.com  Wed Jun  8 10:17:08 2005
From: ypasqua at aol.com (ypasqua at aol.com)
Date: Wed, 08 Jun 2005 10:17:08 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Wanted: Ninja PHP Developer
Message-ID: <8C73A4BE3A85922-5D8-11CF2@mblk-r25.sysops.aol.com>

Schematic (www.schematic.com) is looking for a totally ninja PHP 
Developer to join our Web-based application development team.   Senior 
Developers lead and work with technical project teams to architect, 
design and develop systems as well as help mentor junior level 
developers.

Ideal candidates will have experience developing Web applications using 
a mix of PHP and other technologies.  You must have at least 3 years 
experience developing Web applications in a business environment, and 
strong knowledge of at least two of the following: ASP, PHP, Perl, Java 
(JSP, Servlets, or EJB). You must also have at least a working 
knowledge of Unix: Linux, BSD, or Solaris.

Very good knowledge of SQL programming is also necessary. The candidate 
should also have some experience administering relational databases 
such as Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL, or MySQL (installing 
database software, updating tables, users, permissions, etc.)

Plusses for the position include experience with all aspects of the 
Systems Development Lifecycle including design, development, quality 
assurance and release management; an understanding of a formalized 
design methodology such as UML; experience with Web technologies such 
as HTML, DHTML, CSS, XML and JavaScript.

Applicants should email ypasqua at aol dot com with a resume in plain 
text, RTF or PDF (no other formats will be opened). Include a cover 
letter outlining your skills and experience in the email. This position 
is full-time/permanent, on-site in our New York office. No out-of-town 
candidates will be considered.  No recruiters please.


From dyun at blue-iceberg.com  Wed Jun  8 18:15:28 2005
From: dyun at blue-iceberg.com (David Yun)
Date: Wed, 08 Jun 2005 18:15:28 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Job - Sr. Web Developer and Designer
Message-ID: <BECCE640.10507%dyun@blue-iceberg.com>

Blue Iceberg is looking for a multi-talented and super-organized interactive
developer/designer to join our production team.

The ideal candidate should be experienced in programming with php and mysql,
with front-end css, xhtml, and javascript skills to match. We are especially
interested in developers with complimentary graphic design and art direction
skills, or at least a sense for typography. Flash AS 2.0 is a plus, but not
required. Strong verbal and written communication skills are necessary in
the context of working with a close-knit team, making and executing
recommendations for clients and co-workers.

Responsibilites include: project management, including budget estimates and
project workflow. Site architecture and planning, with emphasis on
usability. Web application development using php and mysql. Art direction
and graphic design, mostly of user interfaces.

Qualified candidates should have at least 2-3 years experience in web design
and development.

Please send resume and salary requirements to:
nyphpjob at blue-iceberg.com

For more about Blue Iceberg, visit us at http://www.blue-iceberg.com



From jobs at debtresolve.com  Mon Jun 13 11:12:41 2005
From: jobs at debtresolve.com (Debt Resolve Jobs)
Date: Mon, 13 Jun 2005 11:12:41 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Experienced LAMP Developer for a Financial System
Message-ID: <42ADA269.2060209@debtresolve.com>

We are a rapidly growing web services company, based in White Plains. 
We support the financialservices industry using open source technology,
in a high-volumetransactional environment.

We have an opening for a first-rate full-time LAMP developer with the
following experience:
 
- At least three years PHP experience (php 4) with session management,
pear, Smarty and ADOdb.
- OOP and MVC design principles
- MySQL and complex SQL statements
- CSS/Javascript/XML
- Intermediate linux skills including knowledge of sendmail, shell
scripting, cron, apache configuration and php configuration
- CVS
- Experience analyzing data for robust reporting
- Operationally aware, security-minded, must pass security screening
- E-commerce, payment gateways, web services (SOAP, wsdl)
- Good people skills for dealing with clients
 
U.S. residents only. No contractors or H1B sponsorships.  Please respond
to jobs at debtresolve.com.  Absolutely no calls.
 
Regards,
David Wang
Applications Development Manager
DebtResolve, Inc.


From NCapel at money-media.com  Tue Jun 14 11:30:17 2005
From: NCapel at money-media.com (Neil Capel)
Date: Tue, 14 Jun 2005 11:30:17 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] PHP Developer - start 6/5 - OO skills
Message-ID: <4C3B59D6887DA94C908992D3E4C2C337026798D8@mmx.money-media.com>

Job Description: 

Money Media is seeking a PHP developer to continue development on
several internal applications as well as working on new features and
products. The candidate must be able to manage multiple tasks at the
same time and quickly grasp complex system program analysis and
programming assignments.

The position will require the candidate to continue develop new
products, new websites, maintain existing websites and to support and
improve an in-house content management system, account management
system, e-mail list management application, online advertising
management applications, and stats/reporting applications.

Responsibilities include systems analysis with a focus on internal
standards, coding, testing and documentation; determining
specifications; developing, modifying and expanding new and existing
database/application programs; working with the Project Manager to
ensure production deadlines are met; and training junior developers. 

Developers receive minimal supervision and generally work independently
within established guidelines. 

Requirements: 
* Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent education and
experience
* 4-6 years of work experience and proven proficiency in web and
database application development using object oriented PHP and MySQL.
* Experience with multi-tiered, distributed technologies and
architectures. 
* Strong technical knowledge of HTML, Javascript, CSS and
cross-platform/browser issues.

Oracle Knowledge a plus

Knowledge of Object-Oriented principles and Linux. Some management
experience preferred, applicants must have strong judgment and excellent
communication skills. Must be qualified to work in the US and must be
able to work in New York City.

Relocation is not offered at this time. 

The Company:
Money-Media is a New York-based media company that focuses primarily on
Internet-based publications. We currently produce five
business-to-business news reports, all of which are driven by
subscription income. Our target markets are readers in corporate
boardrooms and on Wall Street. We are an entrepreneurial group of about
50 people; our company is thriving and growing in spite of the dot.com
shakeout and the lackluster economy in recent years. We are succeeding
because we emphasize initiative, positive thinking, continual
improvement and resiliency.

This role is a 4-6 month contract with option to hire.  Start date July
5
Please send cover letter and resume with hourly rate. No phone calls
please.

I hate to ask this as well, but please can you submit recent code
examples of your work showing object oriented principles. 



From scott at crisscott.com  Tue Jun 14 15:55:18 2005
From: scott at crisscott.com (Scott Mattocks)
Date: Tue, 14 Jun 2005 15:55:18 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] PHP Developer Needed
Message-ID: <42AF3626.1020009@crisscott.com>

Job Description:
We are seeking a PHP developer to assist in re-implementing an existing 
E-Commerce site. The site must be re-built using OO principles and an 
MVC framework. Much of the ground work has been laid including the 
framework and interfaces for the major classes. The developer will be 
responsible for implementing the interfaces and filling out the 
framework. The developer will also be responsible for turning HTML files 
into Smarty templates.

Requirements:
- Bachelor's degree or equivilent experience
- Three years proven proficiency with PHP (including PHP 5)
- CSS/Javascript/HTML
- Excellent understanding of OOP principles
- Strong understanding of MVC framework
- Strong understanding of SQL (PostgreSQL syntax preferred)
- Smarty
- PEAR
- Linux experience
- XML

The developer must work in our office in midtown during normal business 
hours. This project is expected to be completed on September 1st. There 
is the possibility for many more projects for the right candidate. 
Please send a resume and rates to smattocks at nyc.yamaha.com. Please also 
include a few recent code samples.

Thank you,
-- 
Scott Mattocks
smattocks at nyc.yamaha.com


From annie at taprootfoundation.org  Wed Jun 15 11:55:48 2005
From: annie at taprootfoundation.org (Annie Witten)
Date: Wed, 15 Jun 2005 11:55:48 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Volunteer Your Skills for New York City Nonprofits
Message-ID: <10E7E1490D8A834199D6CCD5846A36633A9F06@imentor1.imentor.org>

 

 

 

Information Technology Professionals - 

 

Provide Pro Bono Services to NYC Nonprofits.  Sign up Today to Volunteer
Your Skills

The Taproot Foundation <http://www.taprootfoundation.org/>  is an
award-winning social enterprise that builds and manages teams of
professionals to work on projects for worthy nonprofits in our
community.  Taproot sets you up for success by carefully screening our
nonprofit grantees, accepting only the best volunteers, and providing
professional project management.  

 

Partner with leading nonprofits to preserve our environment, help the
sick, and improve education  

You can help a nonprofit communicate more effectively with clients,
funders and partners.  With your help, a nonprofit can provide better
services to its clients and increase the number of clients served.  With
dozens of projects staffing now, we have the perfect project for you.
Past grant recipients include Samaritan House
<http://www.taprootfoundation.org/grants/cs_sh.shtml>  [website] and 
Groundwork <http://www.taprootfoundation.org/grants/cs_groundwork.shtml>
[website.]  

 

Join other great information technology volunteers!

We currently have over 300 volunteers in NY from great marketing,
interactive and design companies including Wolff Olins, Time Warner,
Young Rubican, Icon Nichols, M&C Saatchi, Wunderman, William Sonoma,
Clorox, Gap, Yahoo, Google, Cnet, and Scient.  

 

We have open opportunities for volunteers to fill the following roles on
website and database projects: account managers, partners, project
managers, software developers, web designers and quality assurance
engineers.  

 

We will soon be doubling the number of projects running in the New York
City Area so Apply Today
<http://www.taprootfoundation.org/volunteering/index.shtml>  and join
our network of dedicated professionals.  

 

For more information, please visit our website or contact Annie Witten
<mailto:annie at taprootfoundation.org?subject=Volunteering%20with%20the%20
Taproot%20Foundation> , Volunteer Recruiting Coordinator.  

 

 

www.taprootfoundation.org <http://www.taprootfoundation.org/> 

 

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20050615/d630e647/attachment.html>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: image001.gif
Type: image/gif
Size: 2424 bytes
Desc: image001.gif
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20050615/d630e647/attachment.gif>

From annie at taprootfoundation.org  Wed Jun 15 12:02:31 2005
From: annie at taprootfoundation.org (Annie Witten)
Date: Wed, 15 Jun 2005 12:02:31 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Volunteer your Skills with NYC Non Profits
Message-ID: <20050615160234.CD841A863B@virtu.nyphp.org>

Information Technology Professionals - 

Provide Pro Bono Services to NYC Nonprofits.? Sign up Today to Volunteer
Your Skills
The Taproot Foundation is an award-winning social enterprise that builds and
manages teams of professionals to work on projects for worthy nonprofits in
our community.? Taproot sets you up for success by carefully screening our
nonprofit grantees, accepting only the best volunteers, and providing
professional project management.? 

Partner with leading nonprofits to preserve our environment, help the sick,
and improve education? 
You can help a nonprofit communicate more effectively with clients, funders
and partners.? With your help, a nonprofit can provide better services to
its clients and increase the number of clients served.? With dozens of
projects staffing now, we have the perfect project for you.?? Past grant
recipients include Samaritan House [website] and Groundwork [website.]? 

Join other great information technology volunteers!
We currently have over 300 volunteers in NY from great marketing,
interactive and design companies including Wolff Olins, Time Warner, Young
Rubican, Icon Nichols, M&C Saatchi, Wunderman, William Sonoma, Clorox, Gap,
Yahoo, Google, Cnet, and Scient.? 

We have open opportunities for volunteers to fill the following roles on
website and database projects: account managers, partners, project managers,
software developers, web designers and quality assurance engineers.? 

We will soon be doubling the number of projects running in the New York City
Area so Apply Today and join our network of dedicated professionals.? 

For more information, please visit our website or contact Annie Witten,
Volunteer Recruiting Coordinator (annie at taprootfoundation.org).  


www.taprootfoundation.org





From pete at slingo.com  Thu Jun 16 09:47:11 2005
From: pete at slingo.com (Pete Czech - Slingo, Inc.)
Date: Thu, 16 Jun 2005 09:47:11 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Need Urgent Assistance!
Message-ID: <20050616134710.6D5F1A8775@virtu.nyphp.org>

Hello!

 

We had a turnover here and need immediate assistance from a system
administrator familiar with BSD/Linux, Load balancing, DNS, and other
aspects of system administration.  If someone is able to fill in our gaps or
even looking for full time work, get back to me immediately (like, this
morning).  We'd especially appreciate your ability to get to our Englewood
Cliffs, NJ office.

 

Cheers,

 

Pete Czech
Director of Technology
Slingo, Inc.

 

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20050616/fa04bf33/attachment.html>

From dyun at blue-iceberg.com  Thu Jun 16 10:59:23 2005
From: dyun at blue-iceberg.com (David Yun)
Date: Thu, 16 Jun 2005 10:59:23 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] PHP Freelance Job (1 month on site)
In-Reply-To: <20050615160234.CD841A863B@virtu.nyphp.org>
Message-ID: <BED70C0B.107C3%dyun@blue-iceberg.com>

Blue Iceberg is looking for a PHP/MySQL web application developer to work on
site with us on a 1 month project. The project is freelance but hopefully
will lead to a longer term relationship.

If you are interested, please send your resum?, work samples, and rate to
ntjob at blue-iceberg.com

Thanks.

...............................................................
David Yun, Production Manager
Blue Iceberg LLC
Interactive Strategy | Website Development | Business Solutions
http://www.blue-iceberg.com
Tel: 212.337.9920 Fax: 253.295.9296



From pete at slingo.com  Thu Jun 16 12:21:22 2005
From: pete at slingo.com (Pete Czech - Slingo, Inc.)
Date: Thu, 16 Jun 2005 12:21:22 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR - IMMEDIATE START
Message-ID: <20050616162122.0AB7CA85E9@virtu.nyphp.org>

Please send resumes to jobs at slingo.com.  Thanks.

 

JOB DESCRIPTION - Systems / Network Administrator

 

Job Type:                   Systems / Network Administrator

 

Emp. Type:                Full Time

 

Term:                         Immediate Hire

 

Benefits:                     After 90 Days

 

Salary:                        Commensurate with experience

 

Hours:                        4 Days per week + some off hours work

 

Description:               

 

Small sized game development firm is seeking mid-level Systems and Network
Administrator. Responsibilities include installing operating systems
software, database management systems software, compilers and utilities.
Will also monitor and tune system software, peripherals and networks.
Install new software, install new users, create batch administration
scripts, adapt software to existing systems, perform system backups, recover
lost data, maintain system security and resolve systems problems. The ideal
candidate will be goal driven, organized and posses excellent analytical and
problem solving skills, with attention to detail a must.  This person will
also have strong interpersonal, organizational, presentation, written and
oral communications skills. Must be a self-starter with a strong work ethic
who can integrate rapidly with an existing team. Need the ability to work in
a complex deadline-oriented environment and multitask with little
supervision. Ideal candidate will have 3 - 5 years of Systems and Network
Administration experience, high technical aptitude, a positive and team
player attitude, and be excited and ready to be challenged technically and
grow overall technical skills.

 

Must be available for occasional nighttime related technical problems and
will be required to carry a pager to respond to said problems.

 

Qualifications:

 

BS Computer Science or equivalent educational background.  3 - 5 years
System / Network Administration experience. 

 

Demonstrated ability setting up and managing a UNIX based server farm.
Necessary skills also include UNIX, Linux, Free BSD, Windows 2K3 Server,
Shell Scripting, MySQL, cron tables, TCP/IP configuration and general
network security.  An ability to compile Apache with MODS (PHP / MySQL), as
well as administer MySQL databases with millions of records in thousands of
tables an absolute must.  Needs to be able to manage a DNS server in a UNIX
environment as well as have a working knowledge of web mail (Qmail / POP3).
Experience with local area networks and office connectivity is also helpful.

 

We are looking for someone with an adaptable learning style and is willing
to grow with the position.  We offer great benefits and an energetic,
creative, and fun environment to be a part of.

 

Required Skills:         

 

UNIX, Linux, FreeBSD, Apache with MODS, MySQL, Shell Scripting, Windows 2K3,
DNS, Qmail, Sendmail,

 

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20050616/d3ab5586/attachment.html>

From jmandell at pubsub.com  Wed Jun 22 17:34:18 2005
From: jmandell at pubsub.com (Jon Mandell)
Date: Wed, 22 Jun 2005 17:34:18 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Senior Web Developer / Webmaster
Message-ID: <008401c57772$2595d280$680aa8c0@PubSubAdmin1>

Senior Web Developer
 
Summary
The Senior Web Developer is responsible for all implementation and
maintenance aspects of the company's website front-end if their Internet
end-user service. The successful candidate will have proven skills in
the successful design and implementation of, highly robust, highly
available consumer grade websites.
 
Responsibilities
The Senior Web Developer is responsible for all implementation and
maintenance aspects of the company's consumer facing website. This
includes leading the cross functional team of people involved in the
providing a successful website.
The Senior Web Developer will work with marketing and product management
to understand requirements of the Internet service. The Senior Web
Developer working with engineering will lead the implementation and
maintenance of the website. 
The Senior Web Developer will report to the VP of Engineering.
 
Requirements
The successful candidate will have 5+ years experience, including
leading a team of co-developers, and extensive experience as Senior Web
Developer responsible for consumer websites. Experience working in the
dynamic environment of a small start-up is a plus. Proven experience in
the following areas are required.
*	Strong knowledge of HTML, including the ability to hand-code
pages 
*	Strong knowledge of design and layout, both using advanced and
traditional techniques 
*	Extensive PHP knowledge. You should be at a level where you can
install and update PHP from sources 
*	Extensive JavaScript knowledge. 
*	String general coding skills, including any non-PHP languages 
*	The ability to separate content from functionality and business
logic 
*	Some database management ability - at least familiarity with
creating and modifying tables. 
*	Experience with MySQL and related plug-ins for PHP. 
*	Familiarity with source code control, such as cvs 
*	Good at planning, documenting and regression testing changes 
*	Excellent verbal and written skills in English 
*	Good proficiency in the use of native MS-Word and Excel 
*	Experience with Apache and its support of PHP 
*	Very comfortable in a team environment, sharing of code and
having code reviewed by others 
 
Contact
E-mail resume, cover letter to jobs at pubsub.com. Include Senior Web
Developer in the Subject Line
Applicants only. No intermediaries.
 
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20050622/9d8eb6ca/attachment.html>

From s_patarinski at abv.bg  Tue Jun 28 10:25:48 2005
From: s_patarinski at abv.bg (Stanimir Patarinski)
Date: Tue, 28 Jun 2005 17:25:48 +0300 (EEST)
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] (no subject)
Message-ID: <359168870.1119968748467.JavaMail.nobody@app1.ni.bg>

dsfdsafdsaf

-----------------------------------------------------------------
http://bg.sportingbet.com - ????????? ?? Wimbledon ?? ????!


From ypasqua at aol.com  Thu Jun 30 10:53:37 2005
From: ypasqua at aol.com (ypasqua at aol.com)
Date: Thu, 30 Jun 2005 10:53:37 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Wanted: Ninja PHP Developer
Message-ID: <8C74B9AA1883CE8-70C-1C1B@FWM-D30.sysops.aol.com>

Schematic (www.schematic.com), a leading interactive agency, is looking 
for a totally ninja PHP Developer to join our Web-based application 
development team. Developers lead and work with technical project teams 
to architect, design and develop systems.

Ideal candidates will have experience developing Web applications using 
a mix of PHP and other technologies. You must have at least 3 years 
experience developing Web applications in a business environment, and 
strong knowledge of at least two of the following: ASP, PHP, Perl, Java 
(JSP, Servlets, or EJB). You must also have at least a working 
knowledge of Unix: Linux, BSD, or Solaris.

Very good knowledge of SQL programming is also necessary. The candidate 
should also have some experience administering relational databases 
such as Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL, or MySQL (installing 
database software, updating tables, users, permissions, etc.)

Plusses for the position include experience with all aspects of the 
Software Development Lifecycle including design, development, quality 
assurance and release management; an understanding of a formalized 
design methodology such as UML; experience with Web technologies such 
as HTML, DHTML, CSS, XML and JavaScript.

Applicants should email ypasqua at schematic dot com with a resume in 
plain text, RTF or PDF (no other formats will be opened). Include a 
cover letter outlining your skills and experience in the email. This 
position is full-time/permanent, on-site in our New York office. No 
out-of-town candidates will be considered. No recruiters please. 


