From rrosa at debtresolve.com  Mon Dec  4 14:43:33 2006
From: rrosa at debtresolve.com (Richard Rosa)
Date: Mon, 04 Dec 2006 14:43:33 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] 
	PHP Developer - Public Company - Westchester County, NY
Message-ID: <45747A65.9040001@debtresolve.com>

Greetings, 

We are a rapidly growing web services company, based in White Plains, NY, with an excellent technology team. 
On November 1st, we became a public company on the American Stock Exchange. 
We support the financial services industry using open source technology, in a high-volume transactional environment. 

We have an immediate openings for a first-rate, growth-oriented, full-time PHP developers with the following experience:

- Two to three years PHP experience
- OOP and MVC design principles
- MySQL and complex SQL statements
- Session management, Pear, Smarty and ADOdb.
- CSS/Javascript/XML
- Intermediate linux skills including knowledge of sendmail, shell scripting, cron, apache configuration and php configuration
- CVS
- Experience analyzing data for robust reporting
- Operationally aware, security-minded
- E-commerce, payment gateways, web services (SOAP)
- Good people skills for dealing with clients

U.S. residents only. No contractors or H1B sponsorships.

-- 
------
Regards,
Richard Rosa
President / CTO
*DebtResolve, Inc.*
707 Westchester Ave.
White Plains, N.Y. 10604
(914) 949-5500
(516)642-9244 m
rrosa at debtresolve.com
www.debtresolve.com
AMEX: symbol DRV




From jobs at clinicstudio.com  Mon Dec  4 17:12:14 2006
From: jobs at clinicstudio.com (jobs)
Date: Mon, 4 Dec 2006 17:12:14 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Sr. Web Developer: PHP, my sql, CSS, Html, +
Message-ID: <6E80AF13-F8A5-4D88-825F-30BBCFB0C131@clinicstudio.com>

?
Sr. Web Developer: PHP, my sql, CSS, Html, +

Keyword: LAMP, SENIOR WEB DEVELOPER

Location Chelsea NYC.

This is a exciting opportunity to  work on an cutting edge online  
photography productivity web-application.

3 month onsite  40h/week to a possible full time job.

We are looking for a senior web developer with at least 3 years  
experience in web development. We require that you have experience  
working on large multi-developer projects. Work well as a team.  
WIlling to go the extra effort to create clean well documented  
properly coded work.

Hand code valid css html java script and familiar with current best  
practices:

* expert at  PHP

* expert at MY SQL

* expert CSS

* expert at hand coding HTML

* hand coding java script

Ability to think creatively and solve problems.



Any of the following would be a nice extra:

object oriented code, Image magic,  ajax, Sever administration

Must be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis  
for any employer.


email jobs at clinicstudio.com


-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20061204/b62480eb/attachment.html>
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: spacer.gif
Type: image/gif
Size: 43 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20061204/b62480eb/attachment.gif>

From Bkroski at observer.com  Tue Dec  5 15:06:43 2006
From: Bkroski at observer.com (Brian kroski)
Date: Tue, 5 Dec 2006 15:06:43 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] PHP Developers for exciting project
Message-ID: <C679F2971F30054AA4A5284B4ED7960F42F79D@2003server1.nyo.local>

The New York Observer is looking for some smart, dedicated developers
with strong PHP experience who would like to work on the complete
redevelopment of its web presence.  What was before a very static
endeavor will be reborn as a vibrant, timely, participatory website with
the distinct Observer voice and attitude.  Fun, energetic work
environment with a nice mix of new talent and savvy industry veterans.
Work on many types of projects including interactive tools/mashups,
content management, blogging, community/social media, tagging, etc.
Candidate should be experienced with traditional OO development
techniques as well as having developed significant applications in a
LAMP environment.  Experience with AJAX and/or Drupal would be a plus.
Must be responsible, self sufficient, able to work with limited
supervision and potentially managed minor outsourced development.

 

Brian Kroski

VP and GM Online

New York Observer

bkroski at observer.com

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20061205/b893189a/attachment.html>

From steger at flidigital.com  Tue Dec  5 15:19:16 2006
From: steger at flidigital.com (Scott Teger)
Date: Tue, 05 Dec 2006 15:19:16 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Seeking Talented Developer in Hauppauge, NY
Message-ID: <018701c718aa$a38492f0$800101df@scott>

NOTE TO LIST: Thank you for reading this far!  This should appeal to php
developers living on Long Island, looking for a job close to home or
currently working in NYC and looking to cut out the 3 hour commute but keep
the job satisfaction.  We're offering a competitive salary, full benefits,
and an important position at a growing company. (minus the 3 hours/day
commute)!  We're looking for the experience and talent, close to home!
(well, Hauppauge, NY 11788)

 

Read below for the job description.

 

Thanks for your interest, 

Scott Teger

Fli Digital, Inc.
Managing Partner | Co-Founder
http://www.flidigital.com <http://www.flidigital.com/> 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 

Job Description

Fli Digital, Inc. is seeking a motivated full-time web developer highly
proficient in object oriented PHP and MySQL to work on variety of
challenging and exciting projects. Applicant should also have a working
knowledge of Javascript, XML, ASP, AJAX, etc. The applicant should have
proven work related experience and samples of work. 
Applicants must have strong relevant experience and be able to demonstrate
proficiency immediately. 

This is a full time, on-site position

Additionally, strong preference given to an applicant with PHP talent and
with Mobile experience and proficiency (not necessarily related to PHP).

Requirements: 
highly proficient in Object Oriented PHP 
proficient with MySQL 
proficient with HTML, Javascript, Ajax, XML 
working knowledge of other web technologies 
working knowledge of both Windows & Linux 

CLICK HERE TO APPLY FOR THIS JOB <http://www.flidigital.com/jobs.php> .
Applications are only accepted through the jobs section of our website. 

Responsibilities: 
- coding robust web software applications 
- adhering to specs and design details 
- writing modular, reusable, maintainable code 
- attention to detail, coding standards, and commenting 
- efficiently working with others toward completing projects 

We seek individuals that are excellent communicators, manage their time
well, have high energy level, and can work independently after a complete
project briefing, or effectively and reliably in a team environment on
larger projects. 

Salary will be competitive and based on experience. *Only complete
applications (cover letter and resume) will be considered. 

 <http://www.flidigital.com/jobs.php> CLICK HERE TO APPLY FOR THIS JOB. For
more information about Fli Digital, Inc. visit www.FliDigital.com
<http://www.flidigital.com/> 

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20061205/b4b52386/attachment.html>

From kbrown at sacure.com  Wed Dec  6 11:49:27 2006
From: kbrown at sacure.com (Keith Brown)
Date: Wed, 6 Dec 2006 11:49:27 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] PHP 5 expert required
Message-ID: <000001c71956$80c4c710$5501110a@sacure.com>

Sacure is currently looking for a seasoned professional to provide technical
leadership and direction.

The following skills are essential: 
- 3+ years programming experience with PHP 5
- Experience providing technical leadership on a development team
- Working knowledge of  PH5 coding using UML tools, GoF development patterns
- Excellent analytical, technical aptitude, and problem solving skills
- Exceptional attention to detail and organization
- A positive attitude and superior work ethic
- Strong communication (verbal and written), time management skills, fast
learner, self- motivated, and comfortable taking initiative and handling
multiple tasks simultaneously
- Team oriented with good interpersonal skills and the ability to
collaborate effectively with coworkers and product management team
- Committed to a quality end product
- Demonstrated ability to learn beyond professional training 

A distinct advantage for this position would be: 
- Has led a development team for web-based system(s)
- Must have experience in developing enterprise applications using CASE
tools
- Experience working on n-tier architectures, XML -RPC, SOAP, & REST
interfaces
- Proficient in developing batch applications using PHP5 CLI
- Working knowledge of Code Charge Studio.
- A strong desire to keep abreast of the latest in Internet technology and
apply that knowledge to solve complex development issues.
- Past experience developing PHP solutions to support high-traffic websites.

We offer a dynamic environment, excellent growth opportunities, and a
comprehensive benefits package 


Required Qualifications: 
Skills Requirements: 
PHP 5,PHP CLI, Case Tools, UML tools, CodeCharge Studio, 

 

 

About Sacure:  

 

Sacure is dedicated to protecting customers' valued digital assets and
resources. This is accomplished through a cost-effective combination of
managed, monitored, and professional security services. Sacures' highly
credentialed security experts apply security disciplines across networks,
systems, applications and policies to continually improve our customers'
security postures. Our propitiatory methodology employs a wide range of
tools, 3rd party products and techniques which can be delivered from our
Security Operations Center (SOC) or anywhere in the World.

 

 

Keith Brown

VP Sacure

Sacure Inc

732-469-1300 Ext 12 office

kbrown at sacure.com

 

 

 

 

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20061206/36cddc1a/attachment.html>

From spangia at redcent.net  Thu Dec  7 14:19:06 2006
From: spangia at redcent.net (Sean Pangia)
Date: Thu, 07 Dec 2006 14:19:06 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Seeking Freelance Programmer
Message-ID: <4578692A.8030901@redcent.net>

Red Cent, a full-services interactive production company, seeks an 
experienced Web programmer for contract (freelance) work.

If you have:
- serious programming chops (3-5 years experience)
- PHP experience (plus MySQL and Apache)
- ASP experience (plus SQL Server)
- the ability to work from specs, use version control, and apply best 
practices


And if you:
- are looking to work on web sites that are fun and challenging
- might enjoy working on sites for consumer products that you probably 
like anyway
- like to work with small groups, with chill people who know what 
they?re doing
- play well with others
- have a solid reputation for delivering excellent work on-time
- expect fair pay w/out big agency BS


Then please:
Send your resume and finest URLS to:
jobs at redcent.net

We have work beginning very soon. Please put "Web Programmer" in the 
subject of your email. Thanks!




From fredeli at nytimes.com  Thu Dec  7 15:54:44 2006
From: fredeli at nytimes.com (Laura I Fredericksen/NYT/NYTIMES)
Date: Thu, 7 Dec 2006 15:54:44 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] LAMP Developer
Message-ID: <OFBA7B4CB8.C7FE1751-ON8525723D.0071278B-8525723D.00730195@nytimes.com>



The New York Times Company?s digital operations, which includes the #1
newspaper site NYTimes.com, Boston.com and About.com, is a top 10 web
property with more than 35 million unique visitors a month.

We are seeking a high-performance, driven individual to join out Product
Development team as a LAMP Developer. The successful candidate is
enthusiastic about building out content offerings and dynamic features of
the NYTimes.com site, and has done significant web application development
in a LINUX/UNIX environment. You will work as part of a team to architect
software that adds value to NYTimes.com, a site with an unparalleled
combination of scale and complexity.

Responsibilities include the following:
   Writing application and related database objects to enable users?
      dynamic interaction with NYTimes.com.
   Integrating a diverse set of data sources, including related databases,
      search engine results and XML data to produce dynamic content on the
      web site.
   Integrating feeds from 3rd parties into the NYTimes.com Content
      Management System

The ideal candidate must have high standards with regard to the finished
product, and must be concerned about the quality and maintainability of the
underlying software.  In addition, s/he possess the ability to design
systems, communicate and work effectively with others, write scalable and
high quality code, and deliver work on schedule.

S/he will be responsible for development and implementation regarding all
search pages and functions including the following:
   Implementing new designs.
   Enhancing and improving the relevance of search results.
   Incorporating a mapping solution.
   Managing third party feeds and making necessary improvements to the data
      handling process.
   Implementing new solutions for incorporating new vendor feeds.
   Developing a system for including event and venues content spotlights
      and developing a tool to allow editors to make modifications.
   Conducting research and analysis regarding possible new data sources.
   Supporting other business unit teams in their efforts to incorporate
      search within their pages.
   Managing any necessary changes to the reader reviews system for local
      content.

Necessary skills include the following:
   B.S./B.A. in Computer Science, or a degree in a related field plus
      Computer Science coursework, and 3-6 years Web development work
      experience
   Unix proficiency
   Experience with one or more scripting languages such as Perl, PHP and
      Python
   Strong working knowledge of RDBMS, SQL and basic database optimization
      concepts
   Experience working with XML, XSL, XPath
   Comfort with Regular Expressions
   Ability to communicate effectively with business side clients to gather
      and translate functional specs
   Working knowledge of HTML, Javascript
   Experience working as part of a team
   Strong written and verbal communication skills

Desired skills include the following:
   Formal software development methodology
   Experience writing shared and reusable components of code
   Experience designing and tuning applications that can scale
   Some background in a structured programming language, such as Java or
      C/C++
   Oracle-specific SQL, PL/SQL
   Use of source control

We offer a highly competitive salary and an impressive array of benefits,
including: comprehensive health coverage, 401(k) plan, employee stock
purchase plan, tuition assistance, and a bonus plan.


     The New York Times Company is committed to a policy of providing
  equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion,
                             national origin,
      gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation or disability.


Please forward qualifed resumes to:
Laura Fredericksen
Technical Recruiter
NYTimes.com
646-698-8145
fredeli at nytimes.com
www.nytimes.com

From dpeterka at operative.com  Tue Dec 12 16:45:29 2006
From: dpeterka at operative.com (David Peterka)
Date: Tue, 12 Dec 2006 16:45:29 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Seeking part-time PHP5 hacker
Message-ID: <7FACC955CA7F6B46A1E510FE9D61B903963753@exinternap01.internal.operative.com>

Who we are looking for: 
We are looking for a good PHP hacker with a general knowledge of Java to
take over development of a PHP5 application in its final grooming stages
before release. This is a part-time position to last for 3 months, with
a possible extension of a full-time position to the right candidate if
they are interested.  The position is in NYC in our main office.  We
would prefer someone in the neighborhood although telecommuting is
certainly an option.   This will be a small (1-2 person), no-nonsense,
hands-on development team working in a creative, fast-paced
business-driven environment creating new applications from scratch that
incorporate bleeding edge technologies.

Who we are not looking for:
Headhunter, recruiters etc.

About us:
Operative (http://operative.com), an interactive advertising industry
leader, delivers products and services to serve the fast-growing and
rapidly evolving online media market. Headquartered in New York City
with its international base in London and offices around the world,
Operative provides a full range of software and services to many of the
world's leading media companies.

Candidates should possess a strong LAMP background and understand
object-oriented design and development.

Knowledge of the following areas is desired:

* PHP5
* PHP scaffolding (Zend Framework)
* AJAX, Browser technologies (Javascript, DHTML, CSS)
* PHP templates (Smarty)
* Java

Candidates should also be familiar with all aspects of the software
development life cycle and have familiarity with the following kinds of
tools:

* MySQL 
* Version Control (Subversion)
* Bug tracking  (Jira)
* Operating Systems (Linux)

If you are interested please send an email to this address:
phpjob at operative.com
Confidential and Proprietary


From tony at raspberryred.com  Fri Dec 15 13:04:10 2006
From: tony at raspberryred.com (tony brandao)
Date: Fri, 15 Dec 2006 13:04:10 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] 
	experienced PHP web applications developer, Rutherford, NJ
Message-ID: <4582E39A.3070606@raspberryred.com>

We're seeking an experienced LAMP developer to work on an upcoming 
on-line battle competition, the site allows visitors to upload various 
content pieces and then battle each other. More details will be provided 
to interested developers.

You will be a member of a team that includes several other developers 
and creative sources .

Requirements:
-------------
- Strong experience in the LAMP production PHP / Mysql environment.
- Knowledge of building scalable applications preferred.
- this is an ON-SITE position ( if you live in NYC , Northern NJ or 
southern CT, this is for you. No off-shore companies. (remote work can 
be arranged depending on qualifications),
-Location is near giants, stadium, NJ

Time frame:
-----------
+ this project is slated to be completed in 3/01/2006

Reply with:
-----------
- Your resume
- Examples (url's )or discussion of projects that you have worked on.
- Your availability (aka immediate, next two weeks etc)

Compensation Details:
---------------
- 1099-Misc , 3-month contract minimum (may be extended )
- Comfortable , casual office environment 15 minutes outside manhattan
- Rate to be discussed at interview and is commensurate with experience. 
Rates are competitive. Rates range from $45 ~ $75+ (depends on experience)

This is a real ad for a real position, we are looking to hire someone 
very shortly (before the end of the year). We're looking for motivated , 
talented developers that can join our team and bring this application to 
a successful launch.

-tony b.




From fredeli at nytimes.com  Fri Dec 15 13:40:59 2006
From: fredeli at nytimes.com (Laura I Fredericksen/NYT/NYTIMES)
Date: Fri, 15 Dec 2006 13:40:59 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] re: PHP MySQL Developers
Message-ID: <OF3D9D53FB.BDC4DC26-ON85257245.006651C0-85257245.0066C2A1@nytimes.com>


NYTimes.com is seeking PHP MySQL Developers to build out new and existing
areas of the website including Health, Search, Style, T-Online, and
Business and Technology.

The ideal candidate is a solid LAMP developer to work as part of a team to
architect and build the software that makes nytimes.com, a site with an
unparalleled combination of scale and complexity, work.  The successful
candidate is enthusiastic about building out the content offerings and
dynamic features of the nytimes.com site, and has done significant web
programming in the Unix environment. Responsibilities include the
following:
   Writing application and related database objects to enable users?
      dynamic interaction with the nytimes.com web site
   Integrating a diverse set of data sources, including related databases,
      search engines and XML data
   Integrating feeds from 3rd parties into the nytimes.com Content
      Management System

The ideal candidate must have high standards with regard to the finished
product, and must be concerned about the quality and maintainability of the
underlying software.  In addition, the ideal candidate possess the ability
to design systems, communicate and work effectively with others, write
scalable and high quality code, and deliver work on schedule.

Necessary skills include the following:
   B.S./B.A. in Computer Science, or a degree in a related field plus
      Computer Science coursework, and 3-6 years Web development work
      experience
   Unix proficiency
   Experience with one or more scripting languages such as Perl, PHP and
      Python
   Strong working knowledge of RDBMS, SQL and basic database optimization
      concepts
   Strong experience
   Experience working with XML, XSL, XPath
   Comfort with Regular Expressions
   Ability to communicate effectively with business side clients to gather
      and translate functional specs
   Working knowledge of HTML, Javascript
   Experience working as part of a team
   Strong verbal and written communication skills

Desired skills include the following:
   Formal software development methodology
   Experience writing shared and reusable components of code
   Experience designing and tuning applications that can scale
   Some background in a structured programming language, such as Java or
      C/C++
   Oracle-specific SQL, PL/SQL
   Use of source control


NYTimes.com offers a range of job opportunities, from sales and research to
business development and customer service. We hire editors, producers, Web
designers, systems professionals and quality assurance engineers. We look
for people who know online advertising to people who can develop compelling
multimedia packages.

We offer a highly competitive salary and an impressive array of benefits,
including: comprehensive health coverage, 401(k) plan, employee stock
purchase plan, tuition assistance, and a bonus plan.

Please e-mail qualified resumes to:
Laura Fredericksen
Technical Recruiter
NYTimes.com
646-698-8145
fredeli at nytimes.com
www.nytimes.com

From lmooring at hirenetworks.com  Tue Dec 19 18:03:02 2006
From: lmooring at hirenetworks.com (Mooring)
Date: Tue, 19 Dec 2006 18:03:02 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Job Posting
Message-ID: <200612191803.AA393019512@hirenetworks.com>


Due to our clients growth and new business launches, they are currently seeking several LAMP Developers (Linux/FreeBSD, Apache, MySQL, PHP/Perl) to join their team and augment their existing web development capabilities.  Ideal individuals will become part of a team dedicated to the development and design of flexible and scalable web applications. There are multiple positions available.  
Relocation is available.  Salary will be based on experience.
 
The primary job responsibility for a web developer position is to provide PHP programming and functionality for a wide variety of consumer-related websites, intranets, extranets and web-based applications.  This entails designing, evaluating, updating and maintaining object oriented applications in PHP.  Developers are challenged on a daily basis to solve problems in new and creative ways.
 
Successful candidates will have demonstrable experience building real online applications in a LAMP environment and will be able to make a meaningful contribution from day one.  Candidates must be comfortable working with team members at all levels and departments within the organization.  These individuals will be willing to share their opinions and insights with business leaders on a daily basis in order to affect rapid decision cycles and effective technical solutions to business requirements.
 
Qualifications:
? Bachelor?s Degree in Computer Science or commensurate work experience
? 4+ years of PHP and MySQL development
? Knowledge of HTML, DHTML/CSS and Javascript
? Ability to translate business requirements into system design
? Ability to partner and work in a fast-paced, collaborative team environment
? Strong debugging skills and the ability to easily and quickly read and modify existing code
? Sense of humor
 
This is the perfect opportunity for LAMP Developers looking to play a key role in creating enabling technology for a successful online and offline marketing company.
 
If you are interested, please forward me your resume and salary requirements.
 
Michelle Coviello, CPC
HireNetworks
mcoviello at hirenetworks.com
(919) 280-1671
www.hirenetworks.com
  




________________________________________________________________
Sent via the WebMail system at hirenetworks.com


 
                   



From jon.gilkison at gmail.com  Wed Dec 20 12:18:03 2006
From: jon.gilkison at gmail.com (Jon Gilkison)
Date: Wed, 20 Dec 2006 12:18:03 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Hardcore PHP Ninjas Wanted - NYC
Message-ID: <009301c7245a$cf561410$0f03a8c0@WARBIRD>

Looking for seasoned PHP veterans to join a small, agile LAPP development
team for unique media focused Web 2.25(tm) site launching in March.  Looking
for creative individuals that can not only help implement new features but
actively contribute to the functional growth of the site.  

Looking for individuals with 2+ years (3+ preferred) experience in the
trenches writing PHP and standards compliant XHTML/CSS.  We're an ajax heavy
application, so AJAX and REST API experience a major bonus.  XSL experience
a big plus.  Must have basic working knowledge of linux, postgres and apache
maintenance/configuration.

Ninja Requirements
	Linux experience
	PHP mastery
	Strong working knowledge of SQL
	Experience with perl and/or python
	Experience with XML, XSLT, XPATH
	Advanced standards compliant XHTML/CSS
	Advanced javascript

Bonus Requirements
	Experience with the tenets of good OOP design and patterns
	Knows what the acronym "GoW" means and has completed Act 5 on Insane
difficulty
	Wants to break out of the code shoveling experience and jump into an
environment where they can shape the product they are building.

This is a full-time gig starting as soon as your good to go.  Office is in
Manhattan, BUT telecommuting is a possibility part-time.  We are unable to
sponsor H1-B's at this time.  Highly competitive salary, health, dental,
vision, 401K benefits.  

If you feel like this is a good fit for you, please contact me with a resume
at:

jon.gilkison at gmail.com

Thanks,

Jon.



From techjobs at linkexperts.com  Mon Dec 25 17:18:05 2006
From: techjobs at linkexperts.com (Tech Jobs)
Date: Mon, 25 Dec 2006 17:18:05 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Looking to hire Linux Systems Administrator
Message-ID: <45904E1D.2010503@linkexperts.com>

Link Experts is looking for an experienced systems administrator to take responsibility
for a wide range of systems support and development activities.

This position is full-time, onsite in our Manhattan (New York, not Kansas) offices. We are
looking for people with full-time, commercial experience in maintaining Linux systems.
This position represents the opportunity not only to make sure that systems administration
is done right, but to build a department for systems and network architecture and support.

Please respond by email to techjobs at linkexperts.com with your resume in plaintext format
only, (no MSWord, PDF, URLs, etc.), along with a cover letter describing how your skills
and experience match the following:

What you?ll do:
-	Monitor and maintain the Gentoo-based Linux servers in our office and remote data centers.
-	Monitor and maintain the networks we use.
-	Design new server and network resources.
-	Support the non-Linux desktop resources in our office.
-	Work with vendors to obtain hosting, support and installation resources.
-	Improve the systems administration and support processes by automating and documenting them.
-	Write Perl programs to increase the level of systems automation.
-	Write and maintain programs in Perl where appropriate for the applications development
group.
-	Keep everything running and running well.

Requirements:
- 4+ years hands-on, full-time, commercial experience in Linux system administration, with
responsibility for multiple servers in multiple locations.
- 2+ years of solid experience writing Perl programs.
- Excellent communication skills. This is for real, not just thrown in to make this
posting look impressive. If you can't communicate your ideas and objections clearly and
persuasively, how can anyone learn from all the wonderful things you know?

Desirable:
- Experience leading a team of administrators.
- Experience with the Gentoo Linux distribution.
- Knowledge of LAN/WAN equipment, protocols (BGP, OSPF, etc.) and troubleshooting
- Knowledge of Apache's more interesting features and how they apply to PHP and web
development
- Experience using and administering Subversion
- Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications.
- Experience with Microsoft Windows setup and configuration.
- Not being afraid of telling your boss how their ideas are wrong (if you know how to do
it right).
- Previous contributions to open source projects. We'll encourage and support you in doing
more of that.

Visit our website at http://www.linkexperts.com

Apply to techjobs at linkexperts.com.

Principals only, please. No commissions or referral fees will be paid.
This is full-time, on-site only. Really.




