From estark at domanistudios.com  Tue Jan  7 14:22:03 2014
From: estark at domanistudios.com (Evan Stark)
Date: Tue, 7 Jan 2014 14:22:03 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Senior Developer (Magento/Ecommerce) at Domani Studios
Message-ID: <CADporTKru4BdYiJ_LHe9tebJFW5WOu3PjMhkUw9W-T_=bR_=ZA@mail.gmail.com>

Hello,

Domani Studios is looking for a full-time or freelance Senior Developer,
with a focus on ecommerce and Magento, to join our A-team of producers,
designers, and developers in our New York office.

We have built a collaborative and open studio environment over the past 10
years and need your help to continue delivering groundbreaking work for our
clients. In addition to producing high quality code, we are looking for
somebody that can serve as a technical lead on larger projects.

A Senior Developer at Domani Studios is passionate about technology and
highly motivated to see projects to completion in a timely, accurate and
efficient manner. We are looking for a great team player that can inspire
and guide other developers in the group. We are particularly interested in
individuals possessing a quality oriented attitude, with attention to
detail and capable to debug other people's code as well as their own. If
you like being challenged and learning new stuff every day, we want to hear
from you.

The focus for this Senior Developer is to play a critical role in the build
of several enterprise ecommerce sites on the Magento platform. You should
be able to think big picture and approach projects holistically while
taking and giving direction to other team members. Familiarity with
multi-tiered enterprise-level application development is also desired.
Ideally, you're familiar with large scale systems integration, are
comfortable with data feeds and custom module development/integration, and
are happy to dive into documentation when faced with new technologies.

*Responsibilities:*

   - Provide feedback on creative concepts, as it relates to technical
   feasibility
   - Provide solutions in line with approved design specifications
   - Develop prototypes to help with selection of solution options
   - Provide estimates for development work to include analysis,
   programming and testing
   - Participate in internal and client production reviews
   - Provide appropriate feedback on the status of project work or problem
   resolution
   - Analyze software problems and provide solutions to those problems
   - Open and continuous communications with project managers and other
   members of team with regard to workload and project challenges
   - Work with external partners for integration points as required
   - High-level interaction with clients

*Requirements:*

   - Expert, demonstrated knowledge of Magento Enterprise with large,
   multisite installations
   - Magento systems administration and configuration, customization, and
   module extension
   - Expert knowledge of  objected-oriented PHP and MySQL in a LAMP
   environment
   - Experience building data-driven web applications and writing technical
   specifications
   - Exposure to front and back end systems integration, including inbound
   and outbound data feeds, data transformation, and creating custom
   components for frameworks, content management systems, or ecommerce
   applications
   - Knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, and XML
   - Experience working with proprietary client-side scripting languages,
   markup, and tag libraries
   - Experience with Zend, CodeIgniter, CakePHP, WordPress, Drupal, and
   Ruby on Rails
   - Unix/Linux administration
   - Experience with version control systems (SVN/Git)

*Bonus points:*

   - Magento certification
   - Mobile web development experience
   - Active participation in the developer community
   - Previous interactive agency experience

Please feel free to reply directly to me at estark at domanistudios.com, even
if you might not have everything listed here. Thanks!

Regards,
Evan Stark

-- 
*DOMANI *

*STUDIOS *Evan Stark
Technology Director

45 Main St. Suite 206
Brooklyn, NY 11201
desk: 718.797.4470 x128
cell: 845.926.8244
fax: 610.728.0033

Follow us on Twitter <http://twitter.com/#!/domanistudios>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20140107/2d127efc/attachment.html>

From darshan at imagineeasy.com  Thu Jan 16 15:52:49 2014
From: darshan at imagineeasy.com (Darshan Somashekar)
Date: Thu, 16 Jan 2014 15:52:49 -0500
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] We're looking for a senior PHP developer
Message-ID: <CANKDR74mL4ZJvXi1uJYf9jPDy-Grk8hafi-yG7hg+MqhwdOe2g@mail.gmail.com>

Hi all,

I'm looking for a senior PHP developer to help grow my team at Imagine Easy
Solutions (http://www.imagineeasy.com). We're a growing group and would
love to have people passionate about PHP to join us.

Some more info:

Imagine Easy Solutions is an education technology company whose products
are used by over 50 millions students. We have a fun, exciting, and
challenging atmosphere. If you?re spending so many hours a day with us, we
want to make sure you?re growing as a professional and loving what you do!

Our developers love tackling new problems, deploying a lot, thinking on
their feet, and coming up with new ideas.

We are listed as 971 in Inc. Magazine's 5000 fastest growing private
companies in the US. And we?ve been featured in publications such as The
Next Web, Huffington Post, US News & World Report, Mashable, Venturebeat,
ZDNet, Booklist, The Library Journal, and the Chicago Tribune.

We?re looking for all types of developers. Our developers love taking
ownership of their work and pushing their code in production - we push
multiple times a day. You will too.


*What we're looking for:*



   -

   At least two (2) years experience working in PHP in an MVC framework
   (Zend, Symfony2 preferred). Experience with the Silex microframework a
   large plus.
   -

   A philosophy of unit testing all code, and experience with multiple
   testing frameworks (phpunit, behat, etc.)
   -

   Active professional experience with git and github, including issuing
   PRs, conducting or receiving code reviews, inline commenting, and
   feature-branching.
   -

   Have heard of or used: composer, PHP_CodeSniffer, and phpmd
   -

   Experience with methods to analyze and optimize code (xdebug, etc).
   -

   Interested in new technologies
   -

   Have contributed to open source projects
   -

   Have a github profile where we can see code samples


Why our team enjoys working here:

Team oriented- Casual attire- Performance based incentives- Career growth-
Monthly social events- Competitive salary- Health care benefits- Commuter
benefits- Flexible work-from-home days- Unlimited vacation days after year
II

Something extra about our dev team:
Joel Test score: 10 out of 12

The Joel Test <http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000043.html>is
a twelve-question measure of the quality of a software team.

   -

   Do you use source control? Yes
   -

   Can you make a build in one step? Yes
   -

   Do you make daily builds? Yes
   -

   Do you have a bug database? Yes
   -

   Do you fix bugs before writing new code? Yes
   -

   Do you have an up-to-date schedule? Yes
   -

   Do you have a spec? Yes
   -

   Do programmers have quiet working conditions? Yes
   -

   Do you use the best tools money can buy? Yes
   -

   Do you have testers? Yes
   -

   Do new candidates write code during their interview? Yes
   -

   Do you do hallway usability testing? Yes



If this position sounds interesting, please connect with me:
darshan at imagineeasy.com

Cheers,
Darshan
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20140116/d154ef72/attachment.html>

From arkadiyp at shoplet.com  Fri Jan 24 10:36:31 2014
From: arkadiyp at shoplet.com (Arkadiy Pomerantsev)
Date: Fri, 24 Jan 2014 15:36:31 +0000
Subject: [nycphp-jobs] Fun,
	established e-commerce company needs Sr. PHP Developers
Message-ID: <B40DAEA0BB5F2442AF0F1AD8750882D9E3067D85@W2K8VMR710.domain.shoplet.com>

With recent expansion into United Kingdom , Shoplet.com has several immediate openings for experienced PHP developers to join our in-house growing creative team.
Do you live for new technology and ways to adapt it into real projects?  Do you investigate new concepts in development because it's fun?  Do you like working in a fun, creative and collaborative work environment?
If you have over 1 year plus of Object Oriented PHP development experience. You feel at home using MVC or building your own architecture.  Mysql and noSQL are both well within your comfort zone.  Optimization, efficiency and performance are always on your mind when writing code.
If the above sounds like a great match for you, you'll love the benefits that come with this job.
All developers get a full range of benefits such as competitive salary with profit sharing, 401k with matching, gym pass, personal time off, health benefits and more.  In addition you will get a powerful computer with 2 monitors, your choice of Windows or Linux OS and a Shoplet.com swag.
To Apply send your resume and cover letter to itjobs [at] shoplet.com.
This is a full time, on-site position in our downtown NYC office.  Direct hire opportunity, please no recruiters or other third parties.
 Company Description
Shoplet.com, a rapidly growing B2B e-commerce company and recently named to both the Internet Retailer Top 500 and Hot 100, specializes in the on-line sale of office and business products.  Today, Shoplet is the #1 ranked pure e-tailer in the office/business products category, and is one of the fastest growing ecommerce companies in the nation.  With over 400,000 products available for sale, Shoplet's expertise and innovative purchasing solutions enable our clients to realize significant cost and timesaving.

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: <http://lists.nyphp.org/pipermail/jobs/attachments/20140124/11544834/attachment.html>

