From contact at nyphp.org  Mon Jun  2 12:27:03 2003
From: contact at nyphp.org (New York PHP)
Date: Mon, 2 Jun 2003 09:27:03 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: news@nyphp: June Newsletter, NYPHP News and Information Service
Message-ID: <20030602162703.32810.qmail@web12806.mail.yahoo.com>

--- It's all at http://newyorkphp.org/thelatest ---


Even as we approach the hot summer days, there's still a lot going on with
New York PHP and the Open Source AMP Technology community, including summer
training sessions, presentations, RSS feeds and NYPHP supported projects. 
Use the NYPHP News and Information Services to keep updated:

http://newyorkphp.org/thelatest
http://newyorkphp.org

Have something you want included?  Send it to contact at newyorkphp.org


New York PHP




From contact at nyphp.org  Tue Jun 17 10:46:55 2003
From: contact at nyphp.org (New York PHP)
Date: Tue, 17 Jun 2003 07:46:55 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: now@nyphp: NYCwireless, PHP Training next week, Wireless Blog
Message-ID: <20030617144655.75531.qmail@web12805.mail.yahoo.com>

--- Details and RSVP at http://newyorkphp.org ---

Please arrive on time and RSVP.


New York PHP Presents...

June 24th, 2003 @ 6:30pm at Digital Pulp, Inc.

"NYCwireless"

Join New York PHP as NYCwireless's Ben Serebin, Dana Spiegel and Yury Gitman
introduce their group and premier two Special Interest Groups, Applications
and Wireless Arts.

As always this meeting is free and open to the public, with complete meeting
and location details at http://nyphp.org  -  and please be sure to RSVP by
sending a message to rsvp at nyphp.org so we can prepare enough seating and
refreshments.


----- June PHP Training Next Week

There are only a couple seats left for New York PHP's June training session. 
View details and enroll at
http://newyorkphp.org/content/training/training.php


----- In Development: Wireless Blog

Formed as a cross developed project of NYCwireless and New York PHP, the
Wireless Blog enables location aware blogging and customization, soon to be
available as a portal in many of Manhattan's large wireless parks.  Watch
http://newyorkphp.org and the NYPHP-Development mailing list for details or
to get involved.


New York PHP

[Have an announcement to make?  Send it to contact at nyphp.org]




From contact at nyphp.org  Mon Jun 30 16:33:23 2003
From: contact at nyphp.org (New York PHP)
Date: Mon, 30 Jun 2003 16:33:23 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-announce] New York PHP Adopts Mailman as Mailing List Manager
Message-ID: <3F009E93.8060206@nyphp.org>


Apologies to those who will receive this message multiple times; we are still in a testing phase with Mailman.

Due to member's requests and the current system falling short in some respects, NYPHP's mailing lists are now operated by Mailman (http://list.org).  This is anticipated as temporary until our own system is upgraded and enhanced.

There are both pros and cons to using Mailman in contrast to our home-grown system (which was entirely in PHP):

Pros:
  -- Handles modern MIME messages better, including attachments and HTML or signed messages
  -- Highly anticipated "Send me my password" functionality
  -- Digests
  -- Generic yet familiar interface (http://lists.nyphp.org)

Cons:
  -- Ghost accounts are not available with Mailman - all mailing list posts must come from a single email address.
  -- The "Active Threads" area of http://nyphp.org is lost (if you are familiar with Mailman, please contact our Development list (dev at lists.nyphp.org) with any ideas on how this could be implemented using Mailman's static HTML archives)
  -- Date and time information of messages can be incorrect (the old system timestamped each message)
  -- Mailman is a bit slower than our PHP version

Please take a look at the system (http://lists.nyphp.org) and report any errors, enhancements and suggestions to listmaster at nyphp.org or our Development list (dev at lists.nyphp.org), and we urge you to take advantage of new features such as list digests and other customizations.

Development continues on our mailing list manager, pList, as our CVS/SourceForge server goes on line.  Many exciting features are planned, including subscribing/unsubscribing from specific threads, full-text search of archives, user comments of archived messages, accurate discussion threading, web forum integration and RSS feeds.  We?d also like to hear your suggestions and ideas at dev at lists.nyphp.org.

Lastly, please send any errors, configuration issues or suggestions regarding the new Mailman installation to listmaster at nyphp.org

Thank you,

New York PHP





