From hostmaster at nyphp.com  Thu Oct  7 13:46:35 2010
From: hostmaster at nyphp.com (New York PHP)
Date: Thu, 7 Oct 2010 13:46:35 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-announce] next@nyphp: PHP Cloud Development with Kodingen -
	NYPHP Saves $100 at ZendCon 11/1 - 11/4
Message-ID: <009801cb6647$963a5eb0$c2af1c10$@nyphp.com>

October General Meeting:
PHP Cloud Development with Kodingen
Scaling LAMP development with social coding, tools and cloud APIs
-----------------------------------------------------------------

         Date: Tuesday, October 26th, 2010 at 6:30PM (sharp)
     Location: IBM, 590 Madison Avenue, New York, NY (12th Floor)
RSVP Required: http://www.nyphp.org/RSVP/177 (all attendees MUST RSVP)
 Post-Meeting: TGI Fridays at Lexington and 56th (about 8pm)

Modern development can be scary. Keeping up with ominous cloud
development, social coding hugger-mugger, and a swarm of APIs, is enough
to send a chill down the spines of even killer developers - especially
while under decapitating deadlines and zombiesque requirement documents.
But this October NYPHP has the silver bullet as we welcome Kodingen
co-founder Devrim Yasar. He'll walk us through the platform and offer
the wooden spikes you'll need to nail that next development project.

Simply put, Kodingen is a developer's friend. It gives you a free,
social hosting account with online code editing tools so you can code
anywhere, anytime, and together with whomever you want.

Kodingen.com is a free, cloud-based development environment that
provides developers with a feature-rich hosting platform, collaboration
and social coding tools, and integration with a wide variety of existing
frameworks and third party APIs. Kodingen is a revolution for developers
by developers.

Kodingen allows anyone to set up their own free hosting environment on
cloud servers. Much of the traditional "heavy lifting" has been
simplified into point and-click operations. This has two benefits; first
it saves time, and second it makes the environment much more user
friendly for hobbyists and less sophisticated developers.

While traditional hosting services charge users per hosting account or
for additional services like SQL databases, everything on Kodingen is
free for developers. This includes cloud-based hosting, FTP file access,
shell access, 1-click framework installs (like Joomla or Wordpress), and
a plethora of social tools like Groups, Forums, and other user-to-user
communication.

We make hosting and social coding accessible to all. Not only are we
free, but our service and platform is stronger than most paid services.
Our revenue is generated through enterprise and high traffic accounts,
allowing us to keep the social coding cloud development environment free
for developers.

In this talk, Devrim will explain KFM - Kodingen's backend that
includes:

 * How do we manage to serve +10k web sites from a single server
 * How do we execute 100k tasks an hour originating from these accounts
 * What exactly is Kodingen's backend and how does it work?

Kodingen's backend is called KFM and it is an application management
system running on a network of connected computer nodes. KFM dispatches
application execution requests to available node(s), starts application
process, monitors its execution status and restarts a process on the
same or different node(s) if required.

 * HTTP-based Task Management API interface with the following commands:
new, get status, put stdin, get stdout, get stderr, kill, wait.

 * Per-task high availability mode for long-running tasks. In this mode
KFM automatically restarts task process if it unexpectedly finishes and
restarts task process on different node if current task node goes down.

 * High availability of the system itself utilizing resource and data
redundancy.

 * System-independent protocols for network communication.

We'll walk you through the steps of how we convert UI actions into
server shell commands, and how we read the results and convert it back
to UI actions. You will see how we arbitrarily pick a server that has
the less load out of 1000 virtual machines, I will explain how we can
auto scale from one server to 10 thousand and go back to 10 servers
without any human interaction. I will also explain to you how we can
achieve open-source applications being deployed to "Open-Clouds" using
KFM, with which hopefully we can start dreaming about open-facebook or
open-twitter kind of no-owner, totally open-source apps living on their
own in the clouds that nobody can turn them off.

Read the full description and RSVP at http://www.nyphp.org/

Thank you to IBM for providing a great presentation space in Midtown
Manhattan. As a service to our community, New York PHP Community
meetings are always free and open to the public.

         Date: Tuesday, October 26th, 2010 at 6:30PM (sharp)
     Location: IBM, 590 Madison Avenue, New York, NY (12th Floor)
RSVP Required: http://www.nyphp.org/RSVP/177 (all attendees MUST RSVP)
Post-Meeting: Networking/drinks location to be announced at the meeting
(about 8pm)

You must RSVP within 30 days of the meeting you attend - that means RSVP
now!



Zend/PHP Conference - November 1st - 4th
----------------------------------------

The 6th Annual Zend/PHP Conference will bring together PHP developers
and IT managers from around the world to discuss PHP best practices and
explore new technologies.

At ZendCon, you'll learn from a variety of technical sessions in 9
tracks, renowned speakers, in-depth tutorials, an Exhibit Hall featuring
industry leaders and unique networking opportunities.

 * Learn PHP best practices for architecture, design and development
 * Discover new advances in the PHP language and how to best harness
them
 * Gain insights from peers, PHP luminaries, community members and
thought-leaders
 * Discover how to deploy and scale large PHP applications
 * Explore new technologies like NoSQL and Cloud Computing
 * Learn how to effectively leverage Zend Framework and the changes
coming in Zend Framework 2.0

Register now so you don't miss out on the most popular tutorials and
savings. And join us at the 2010 Zend/PHP Conference - the largest
gathering of the PHP community!

NYPHP members save $100:
  http://zendcon2010.eventbrite.com/?discount=YDUG10





From hostmaster at nyphp.com  Tue Oct 26 11:01:54 2010
From: hostmaster at nyphp.com (New York PHP)
Date: Tue, 26 Oct 2010 11:01:54 -0400
Subject: [nycphp-announce] TONIGHT@nyphp: PHP Cloud Development with Kodingen
	- NYPHP Saves $100 at ZendCon 11/1 - 11/4
Message-ID: <00f601cb751e$ba5ff2b0$2f1fd810$@nyphp.com>

October General Meeting:
PHP Cloud Development with Kodingen
Scaling LAMP development with social coding, tools and cloud APIs
-----------------------------------------------------------------

         Date: Tuesday, October 26th, 2010 at 6:30PM (sharp)
     Location: IBM, 590 Madison Avenue, New York, NY (12th Floor)
RSVP Required: http://www.nyphp.org/RSVP/177 (all attendees MUST RSVP)
 Post-Meeting: TGI Fridays at Lexington and 56th (about 8pm)

Modern development can be scary. Keeping up with ominous cloud development,
social coding hugger-mugger, and a swarm of APIs, is enough to send a chill
down the spines of even killer developers - especially while under
decapitating deadlines and zombiesque requirement documents. But this
October NYPHP has the silver bullet as we welcome Kodingen  co-founder
Devrim Yasar. He'll walk us through the platform and offer the wooden spikes
you'll need to nail that next development project.

Simply put, Kodingen is a developer's friend. It gives you a free, social
hosting account with online code editing tools so you can code anywhere,
anytime, and together with whomever you want.

Kodingen.com is a free, cloud-based development environment that provides
developers with a feature-rich hosting platform, collaboration and social
coding tools, and integration with a wide variety of existing frameworks and
third party APIs. Kodingen is a revolution for developers by developers.

Kodingen allows anyone to set up their own free hosting environment on cloud
servers. Much of the traditional "heavy lifting" has been simplified into
point and-click operations. This has two benefits; first it saves time, and
second it makes the environment much more user friendly for hobbyists and
less sophisticated developers.

While traditional hosting services charge users per hosting account or for
additional services like SQL databases, everything on Kodingen is free for
developers. This includes cloud-based hosting, FTP file access, shell
access, 1-click framework installs (like Joomla or Wordpress), and a
plethora of social tools like Groups, Forums, and other user-to-user
communication.

We make hosting and social coding accessible to all. Not only are we free,
but our service and platform is stronger than most paid services. Our
revenue is generated through enterprise and high traffic accounts, allowing
us to keep the social coding cloud development environment free for
developers.

In this talk, Devrim will explain KFM - Kodingen's backend that includes:

 * How do we manage to serve +10k web sites from a single server
 * How do we execute 100k tasks an hour originating from these accounts
 * What exactly is Kodingen's backend and how does it work?

Kodingen's backend is called KFM and it is an application management system
running on a network of connected computer nodes. KFM dispatches application
execution requests to available node(s), starts application process,
monitors its execution status and restarts a process on the same or
different node(s) if required.

 * HTTP-based Task Management API interface with the following commands:
new, get status, put stdin, get stdout, get stderr, kill, wait.

 * Per-task high availability mode for long-running tasks. In this mode KFM
automatically restarts task process if it unexpectedly finishes and restarts
task process on different node if current task node goes down.

 * High availability of the system itself utilizing resource and data
redundancy.

 * System-independent protocols for network communication.

We'll walk you through the steps of how we convert UI actions into server
shell commands, and how we read the results and convert it back to UI
actions. You will see how we arbitrarily pick a server that has the less
load out of 1000 virtual machines, I will explain how we can auto scale from
one server to 10 thousand and go back to 10 servers without any human
interaction. I will also explain to you how we can achieve open-source
applications being deployed to "Open-Clouds" using KFM, with which hopefully
we can start dreaming about open-facebook or open-twitter kind of no-owner,
totally open-source apps living on their own in the clouds that nobody can
turn them off.

Read the full description and RSVP at http://www.nyphp.org/

Thank you to IBM for providing a great presentation space in Midtown
Manhattan. As a service to our community, New York PHP Community meetings
are always free and open to the public.

         Date: Tuesday, October 26th, 2010 at 6:30PM (sharp)
     Location: IBM, 590 Madison Avenue, New York, NY (12th Floor)
RSVP Required: http://www.nyphp.org/RSVP/177 (all attendees MUST RSVP)
Post-Meeting: Networking/drinks location to be announced at the meeting
(about 8pm)

You must RSVP within 30 days of the meeting you attend - that means RSVP
now!



Zend/PHP Conference - November 1st - 4th
----------------------------------------

The 6th Annual Zend/PHP Conference will bring together PHP developers and IT
managers from around the world to discuss PHP best practices and explore new
technologies.

At ZendCon, you'll learn from a variety of technical sessions in 9 tracks,
renowned speakers, in-depth tutorials, an Exhibit Hall featuring industry
leaders and unique networking opportunities.

 * Learn PHP best practices for architecture, design and development
 * Discover new advances in the PHP language and how to best harness them
 * Gain insights from peers, PHP luminaries, community members and
thought-leaders
 * Discover how to deploy and scale large PHP applications
 * Explore new technologies like NoSQL and Cloud Computing
 * Learn how to effectively leverage Zend Framework and the changes coming
in Zend Framework 2.0

Register now so you don't miss out on the most popular tutorials and
savings. And join us at the 2010 Zend/PHP Conference - the largest gathering
of the PHP community!

NYPHP members save $100:
  http://zendcon2010.eventbrite.com/?discount=YDUG10





